we started our two-day journey
through the jungle toward the
world's largest cave
we're here to photograph this
cave in 360-degree images
you know we have to descend into
fast empty darkness
I have a cold sensation along my
spine feeling like how how on
earth are we gonna be able to
capture this place
just to create one single
360-degree location we have to
take around 400 images so we're
going to take thousands to be
able to cover the whole place
we're walking through a big dark
cave we can see nothing but our
headlights and then we see
daylight's that's actually
inside the Cape
yeah
absolutely amazing atmospherics
hard to take in its breathtaking
and absolutely huge
they named the first doline
watch out the dinosaurs and
that's really the feeling you
get when you walk inside the
place because you emerge from
the darkness of the previous
passage into this green
landscape inside the cave and
you really feel like that could
be dinosaurs and prehistoric
creatures living
what I want to convey is the
feeling of being there about
walking through this pristine
beautiful place
this cave in Vietnam and making
people realize that places like
this are part of our heritage
and need to be preserved
I start exploring this coastline
and that turned out to be the
day that i actually discovered
the longest sea cave in the
world